Refactor Qdrant monitoring and performance skills: flatten architecture (#88)
qdrant/skills: skills/qdrant-memory-usage/SKILL.md

- OS page cache - memory used for caching disk reads, which can be released when needed. Original vectors are normally stored in page cache, so the service won't crash if RAM is full, but performance may degrade.

It is normal for the OS page cache to occupy all available RAM, but if resident memory is above 80% of total RAM, it is a sign of a problem.

> [Memory article](https://qdrant.tech/articles/memory-consumption/)

Reviewer: Please use the `skills.qdrant.tech/md` version of the article.

```suggestion
[Memory article](https://skills.qdrant.tech/md/articles/memory-consumption/)
```

> [Memory article](https://qdrant.tech/articles/memory-consumption/)

Reviewer: You might want to add a more descriptive anchor text, so the agent will know why to follow it.
```suggestion
Refer to the [Memory consumption model](https://qdrant.tech/articles/memory-consumption/) for the full breakdown.
```
Or something along these lines.

Author: Thanks for the detailed review and suggestions! I agree that flattening the skills makes this overlap more visible. I’ll take a closer look at the current qdrant-scaling and qdrant-search-speed scopes and think through the best separation between tuning vs scaling. I’ll come back with an update.
